We’re talking business
What business?
Then why are you sitting on his lap?
Of course, to help you
Deal with Fù Jiā Háo
Be honest
That man
Is utterly incompetent
And has a terrible temper
I’ve had enough of him
I can help you
Make him bankrupt soon
Turn him into a dog at your feet
What’s the condition?
Young Master Qín, famously charming
Successful from a young age
In all of Dōng Hǎi
Which girl doesn’t like him?
If you want
Let me be the big one, you the small one
So
This is the trick you’re playing?
What are you doing?
If you like stripping so much
Then let’s all enjoy it
Lǐ Mù!
Young Master Qín
Let’s go
Let’s enjoy watching
How the Jiāng family’s young lady
Shows off her charm
You’re insane
Qín Fēng, Qín Ruò Yǔ
You dare humiliate me
I’ll make you both
Pay the price
Ruò Yǔ, actually I…
Young Master Qín, this is a company
Please maintain your dignity